Excel Assignment - 7

1. Using Insert Function, give examples of any function available in the different dropdowns present in the function library. For example
    AutoSum, Recently Used, Text, Date & Time, etc.
    Answer: On the Home ribbon, click on the arrow next to the AutoSum icon and select More Functions:
            1. AutoSum: To sum a column, select the cell immediately below the last value in the column. A Sum formula appears in the selected cell, and a range of cells you're adding gets highlighted.
            2. Recently Used: Excel shows the most recently used functions which are used by you.
            3. Text: The Excel TEXT Function is used to convert numbers to text within a spreadsheet.

2. What are the different ways you can select columns and rows?
    Answer: 1. Select Rows/Columns: select a cell in Excel by placing the cursor and clicking the mouse, you can also select a row or a column by simply clicking on the row number or column alphabet.
            2. Select Multiple Non-Adjacent Rows/Columns: To select non-adjacent rows or columns, hold Ctrl and select the row or column numbers.

3. What is AutoFit and why do we use it?
Answer: AutoFit automatically resizes cells in a worksheet to accommodate different-sized data without having to manually change the column width and row height.

4. How can you insert new rows and columns into the existing table?
Answer: Insert Rows into the table: Place the cursor in the table where you want to add a row.
        Right-click on the selected area and the following dialog box will appear on the screen. Click on the drop-down menu associated with the Insert button.
        Click on the Insert Rows Above option to add a row above the selected row.
        Click on the Insert Rows Below option to add a row below the selected row.
        Similarly, we can use these steps for column insertion.

5. How do you hide and unhide columns in Excel?
Answer: Hide: to hide a row, select a row, right-click, and then click Hide.
        Unhide: to unhide a row, select the rows on either side of the hidden row, right-click, and then click Unhide.

6. Create an appropriate table within the worksheet and use different functions available in the AutoSum command.
Answer: You can access the AutoSum button from the Home – Editing group or Formulas – Function Library group.
        By clicking the little arrow on the right of the AutoSum button, you can access many other types of functions, such as AVERAGE, MAX, MIN, and COUNT.
