Excel Assignment - 6

1. What are the various elements of the Excel interface? Describe how they're used.
Answer: The interface components of Excel includes the Quick Access Toolbar, Ribbon, Name Box, Formula Quick Menu, 
        Formula Bar, Status Bar, Worksheet View Options, Zoom Slider Control, and the Zoom Percentage Indicator.
         1. The Quick Access Toolbar is found on the top-left of the Excel window which contains the commonly-used commands in Excel.
         2. The Ribbon interface contains the commands that are available for use in Excel. 
            This has multiple tabs including the File, Home, Insert, Page Layout, Formulas, Data, Review, View, Add-ins, and Help tabs.
         3. The Name Box is an input box which normally displays the name or location of the active cell on the worksheet.
         4. The Formula Quick Menu beside the Name box is a shortcut when you want to insert a function.
            If you click the fx option, the Insert Function will pop-up to let you choose which Excel function would you like to use.
         5. The Formula Bar is found just beside the Formula Quick Menu. 
            This allows you to enter or edit data, formula or a function that will appear in the selected cell whose name or location appears in the Name Box.
         6. The Status Bar in the bottom-left corner of the Excel window displays various information about the current mode of the workbook.
         7. The Worksheet View Options lets you choose which of the 3 worksheet views you want (Normal, Page Layout, or Page Break Preview).
         8. The Zoom Slider Control helps you zoom in and zoom out the worksheet.
         9. The Zoom Percentage Indicator displays the zoom percentage just beside the Zoom Slider Control. By default, it is set to 100%.
         
2. Write down the various applications of Excel in the industry.
Answer: The various applications of Excel in the industry are:
        1. Calculating
        2. Accounting
        3. Charting
        4.Inventory Tracking
        5. Calender and Schedules
        6. Seating Charts
        7. Goal Planning

3. On the ribbon, make a new tab. Add some different groups, insert commands in the groups and name them according to their commands
    added. Copy and paste the screenshot of the steps you followed.
Answer: 
4. Make a list of different shortcut keys that are only connected to
formatting with their functions.
5. What distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools?
6. Create a table and add a custom header and footer to your table.
